docs: AEAD. (#212)
cryspen/hacl-packages: docs/reference/hacl/aead/chacha20poly1305.md

# Chacha20-Poly1305

> HACL implements the Chacha20-Poly1305 Authenticated Encryption with Associated Data (AEAD) construction specified in [rfc 8439].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HACL implements the Chacha20-Poly1305 Authenticated Encryption with Associated Data (AEAD) construction specified in [RFC 8439].
```

The library includes three implementations of this construction, all with the same API, for different platforms:

* `Hacl_Chacha20Poly1305_32.h` contains the API for the portable C implementation that can be compiled and run on any platform that is 32-bit or higher.

> * `Hacl_Chacha20Poly1305_128.h` contains the API for the 128-bit vectorized C implementation that can be compiled and run on any platform that supports Vec128.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Hacl_Chacha20Poly1305_128.h` contains the API for the 128-bit vectorized C implementation that can be compiled and run on any platform that supports 128-bit SIMD instructions.
```

* `Hacl_Chacha20Poly1305_256.h` contains the API for the 256-bit vectorized C implementation that can be compiled and run on any platform that supports Vec256.

All memory for the output variables have to be allocated by the caller.

> `````{tabs}

Reviewer: These tabs are a little random here.
They don't give any information that's not in the bullet list above alread when you add the links.
